hi guys my name is Lucas I'm today when
omnitech news we're going to be
reviewing the Z live amplified speaker
system so this is the Z live amplified
speaker system and i unbox this the
other day and this is a great doc for
the zune um II you can buy it on amazon
com it's not available as of right now
but you can check back in a couple days
or a couple weeks and they will probably
have it in stock it's really nice it's
got a nice clock display up here you've
got the nice dock down here that can
hold the 30 gig 80 gig 16 gig and eight
gig models of the zune i'm not sure
about the zune HD i'm pretty sure it
would fit in there on the top here you
have some buttons you've got your paws
play and button to turn the duck off so
if i hold this down down longer it'll
shut off and then on here you've got
your things to skip buttons to skip
through song song so if I I can skip
through um you've got volume rockers
right here and then you've got buttons
to set the clock right here and I
obviously don't have two clocks it right
now because I had to unplug this and
then plug it back in over here for this
shoot and I didn't reset the clock
because it's really a pain to reset
which is definitely one of the cons to
this dock now the speakers are great the
sound quality is great it is a little
bit thick as you can see she's a bit of
a down side and the other downside that
I found is that the buttons if you hear
this you can hear that right it's so
loud it's like the loudest buttons I
have ever used but overall it's a good
doc it controls the you can control
music it's coming from the zune well
another problem i did find though um is
that you are you cannot see the volume
settings or the
the equalizer settings or like what song
is playing on the clock here which I
think would have been a cool thing that
you could at least have the volume on
there but if you could have like the
scrolling song title when you're playing
a song I think that'd be pretty cool but
I mean it is a nice feature to have the
clock there and it's got some little
LEDs in there that light it up overall
good doc good sound quality from the
actual device as I said you can put in
the 80 gig 30 gauge 16 gig or eight gig
models and again I'm not sure about the
zune HD it does have which I was
actually a little bit surprised about it
has a exhilarate in auxiliary out and a
video out I'm not entirely sure what
that's for yet so this is the Z live doc
Z live amplified speaker system um and
i'm pretty sure z live makes it but i
can't find an actual z live website
which is kind of strange so this is the
z live amplified speaker system and we
give it an eight out of 10 because of
the super clicky buttons and the
thickness of the actual device and the
inability to have the volume and
equalizer settings on the display thanks
for watching this review the Z live
amplified speaker system my name is
Lucas and we hope to see you in the next
episode of Omnitech news